Restore stealth plugin and fix fetcher language configuration (#1247)
OpenTermsArchive/engine: CHANGELOG.md

All changes that impact users of this module are documented in this file, in the [Common Changelog](https://common-changelog.org) format with some additional specifications defined in the CONTRIBUTING file. This codebase adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased [major]

> Development of this release was supported by [User Rights](https://www.user-rights.org).

### Changed

> - **Breaking:** Apply `@opentermsarchive/engine.fetcher.language` to `navigator.language` and `navigator.languages` in addition to the `Accept-Language` header; `language: "en"` now exposes `navigator.languages` as `["en"]` instead of `["en-US", "en"]`, set `language: "en-US,en"` to restore the previous default

Reviewer: Small factual correction for the PR description: in the post-5e4945d2 state, `navigator.language` and `navigator.languages` were already affected by the `Network.setUserAgentOverride.acceptLanguage` call in `configurePage` (CDP derives both from `acceptLanguage`, not just the header). The real change is that the new path uses the stealth `navigator.languages` evasion's JS-injected getter, which exposes the configured list strictly without Chrome's regional-variant expansion. That's where the `["en"] vs ["en-US", "en"]` divergence comes from.

Reviewer: So I suggest:

```suggestion
- **Breaking:** `@opentermsarchive/engine.fetcher.language` now exposes `navigator.languages` strictly as configured, without Chrome's automatic regional-variant expansion. `language: "en"` exposes `navigator.languages` as `["en"]` instead of the previous `["en-US", "en"]` derived by Chrome; set `language: "en-US,en"` to restore the previous value
```
